TsuiokuCircuit/README.md, before:

## About 追憶サーキット

追憶サーキット (Tsuioku Circuit) is a Touhou music circle led by
[marcan](https://twitter.com/marcan42x), the author of BlitzLoop.

## Credits

### Scarlet System

* Illustration: [たみく](https://twitter.com/girachi0707) (Tamiku)
* Cover design: セナ (Cena)

#### Break the Chains

* Composition: ZUN
* Arrangement: marcan
* Lyrics: marcan・セナ (marcan/Cena)
* Vocals: [ウタイさん](https://twitter.com/arai_vo) (Utai-san)
* Background illustration: たみく (Tamiku)

#### Endless Scarlet Night

* Composition: ZUN
* Arrangement: marcan
* Lyrics: marcan・セナ (marcan/Cena)
* Vocals: ウタイさん (Utai-san)
* Background illustration: [しらぬい](https://twitter.com/shiranui_illust) (Shiranui)

#### Endless Scarlet Night (English Version)

* Composition: ZUN
* Arrangement: marcan
* Lyrics: marcan・セナ (marcan/Cena)
* Background illustration: しらぬい (Shiranui)

If you like these songs, please consider supporting Tsuioku Circuit on our
[Bandcamp](https://tsuioku-circuit.bandcamp.com/). You will be supporting not
just the music, but also BlitzLoop.

## Notes

These BlitzLoop files were used (with tweaks) to create the YouTube subtitles on
[Tsuioki Circuit's YouTube channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC-gWj71ziYoC8tK8Z-qm8Cg)
using
[export_ass.py](https://github.com/marcan/blitzloop-tools/tree/master/export_ass.py),
[Aegisub](http://www.aegisub.org/) and
[YTSubConverter](https://github.com/arcusmaximus/YTSubConverter),
as well as the official
[Joysound Music Post](https://musicpost.joysound.com/musicList/page:1?target=2&method=1&keyword=%E8%BF%BD%E6%86%B6%E3%82%B5%E3%83%BC%E3%82%AD%E3%83%83%E3%83%88)
releases via [export_joysound_prj.py](https://github.com/marcan/blitzloop-tools/tree/master/export_joysound_prj.py).

## License

See the top-level README.md. If you want to use these songs for another purpose,
such as making a remix, or using BlitzLoop outside those terms, please e-mail
marcan@marcan.st. Chances are I'll give you permission (and probably better
data) :-).

Commit message:

Update license notice for Tsuioku Circuit songs

TsuiokuCircuit/README.md, after:

## About 追憶サーキット

追憶サーキット (Tsuioku Circuit) is a Touhou music circle led by
[marcan](https://twitter.com/marcan42x), the author of BlitzLoop.

## Credits

### Scarlet System

* Illustration: [たみく](https://twitter.com/girachi0707) (Tamiku)
* Cover design: セナ (Cena)

#### Break the Chains

* Composition: ZUN
* Arrangement: marcan
* Lyrics: marcan・セナ (marcan/Cena)
* Vocals: [ウタイさん](https://twitter.com/arai_vo) (Utai-san)
* Background illustration: たみく (Tamiku)

#### Endless Scarlet Night

* Composition: ZUN
* Arrangement: marcan
* Lyrics: marcan・セナ (marcan/Cena)
* Vocals: ウタイさん (Utai-san)
* Background illustration: [しらぬい](https://twitter.com/shiranui_illust) (Shiranui)

#### Endless Scarlet Night (English Version)

* Composition: ZUN
* Arrangement: marcan
* Lyrics: marcan・セナ (marcan/Cena)
* Background illustration: しらぬい (Shiranui)

If you like these songs, please consider supporting Tsuioku Circuit on our
[Bandcamp](https://tsuioku-circuit.bandcamp.com/). You will be supporting not
just the music, but also BlitzLoop.

## Notes

These BlitzLoop files were used (with tweaks) to create the YouTube subtitles on
[Tsuioki Circuit's YouTube channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC-gWj71ziYoC8tK8Z-qm8Cg)
using
[export_ass.py](https://github.com/marcan/blitzloop-tools/tree/master/export_ass.py),
[Aegisub](http://www.aegisub.org/) and
[YTSubConverter](https://github.com/arcusmaximus/YTSubConverter),
as well as the official
[Joysound Music Post](https://musicpost.joysound.com/musicList/page:1?target=2&method=1&keyword=%E8%BF%BD%E6%86%B6%E3%82%B5%E3%83%BC%E3%82%AD%E3%83%83%E3%83%88)
releases via [export_joysound_prj.py](https://github.com/marcan/blitzloop-tools/tree/master/export_joysound_prj.py).

## License

See the top-level README.md. If you want to use these songs for another purpose,
such as making a remix, translation, cover, etc, or using BlitzLoop outside those
terms, please e-mail marcan@marcan.st or DM @TsuiokuCircuit on Twitter. Chances
are I'll give you permission (and probably better source data) :-).
